hey it's the average guy coming to you
with another quick and honest review so
this past winter it was not kind to the
average guy all those burgers and
Mexican Coke really put a layer of fat
around my midsection so with the nice
weather now upon us I've decided to do
something about it
and I'm gonna start running and I've run
off and on for years in fact when I was
15 years old I ran and completed the New
Jersey waterfront marathon 26 grueling
miles out on the New Jersey streets a
little pat on my back but you know what
running can be a little bit boring a
little bit monotonous unless you break
it up a bit so when I started to
research running shoes I was looking for
a shoe that definitely had the
cushioning for the pavement but also
could deal with trails and uneven road
surfaces and I looked all over and I
came up with this Reebok their ATV 1980
v like all-terrain vehicle look at that
see that tread there nice flexible soft
with this knobby tread similar to an
all-terrain vehicles tire tread and you
know I'm a car guy so I was liking that
very lightweight a nice breathable cloth
mesh and I kind of liked the looks of it
now you can get them in all different
colors real bright colors here but I
like the black on black it's muted it
means business I'm excited about this
and you know I'm a sucker for marketing
the ATV 19 check them out I went to the
store I tried these on and it's like
you're walking on a cloud but you know
what the proof is always in the pudding
so I'm gonna lace these puppies up and
I'm gonna get going
these feel great just like in a store I
more like a cloud I'm an all right I'm
gonna go for a nice trail run and see
where that takes me
oh that was a great run these Reebok
ATVs did the trick it's a really nice
way to see the countryside
I'll have this fair tyre gone and no
time flat oh so now it's your turn
come on get off of YouTube and go do
something oh and come back tonight and
watch more of my videos
please